fix(iam): IAM Members Info - MTA-6022 (#4988)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/iam/how-to/manage-members.mdx

1. Click **Identity and Access Management (IAM)** from the top-right of your [Organization Dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/organization) in the Scaleway console. The **Users** tab of the [Identity and Access Management dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/iam/users) displays.
2. Click **+ Add user**. A pop-up displays prompting you to choose between creating a **Member** or adding a **Guest**.
3. Select **Member** and click **Continue**.

> 4. Enter a username of the Member you want to add to your Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter the username of the Member you want to add to your Organization.
```

    <Message type="important">
      When you create a Member, a Scaleway account is created for them. They exist only within your Organization. If you delete the Member, their account is also deleted. Make sure you inform your Members that [logging into an Organization as a Member](/iam/how-to/log-in-as-a-member) is different from [logging in as a Guest or as an Owner](/account/how-to/log-in-to-the-console).
    </Message>
5. (Optional) Add a password.
    <Message type="note">

>       If you set a password, make sure you keep note of it to share it with the Member later. The password will only be shown once. If password renewal is enforced in the Organization, from their first login, the Member has up to update their password and comply with this security requirement within the [grace period](/iam/concepts#grace-period) of your Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you set a password, make sure you keep note of it to share it with the Member later. The password will only be shown once. If password renewal is enforced in the Organization, from their first login, the Member must update their password. They must comply with this security requirement within the [grace period](/iam/concepts#grace-period) defined for your Organization.
```

    </Message>
6. (Optional) Check the box if you want to send the password to the Member via email.
7. Click **Next**.
8. Enter the Member's email address.
9. (Optional) Check the box if you want to send a welcome email to the Member.
10. (Optional) Enter the first and last name of the member.
11. (Optional) Assign the member to an existing [IAM group](/iam/concepts/#group)
12. Click **Create Member**.

    <Message type="important">

>       If you did not send an welcome email to the Member, make sure you give them their login information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you did not send a welcome email to the Member, make sure you give them their login information.
```

## How to edit a Member's information

You can edit a Member's:
    - **Personal information** - username, first and last names, email address, phone number and preferred language
    - **Credentials** - username, email and password.

<Message type="note">
  Follow the procedure below to edit your own information as a Member.
</Message>

### How to edit personal information

> 1. Click **IAM & API keys** on the top-right drop-down menu of the Scaleway console. The **Users** tab of the [Identity and Access Management dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/iam/users) displays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **IAM & API keys** from the top-right drop-down menu of the Scaleway console. The **Users** tab of the [Identity and Access Management dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/iam/users) displays.
```

> 1. Click **IAM & API keys** on the top-right drop-down menu of the Scaleway console. The **Users** tab of the [Identity and Access Management dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/iam/users) displays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **IAM & API keys** in the top-right drop-down menu of the Scaleway console. The **Users** tab of the [Identity and Access Management dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/iam/users) displays.
```

Reviewer 2: on/in/from ? not sure

Author: I think on is correct 🙏🏻
